# Introduction

A biblical worldview is a way of seeing the world that helps us
understand who God is, who we are, and what our purpose in life is. It
provides a framework for understanding our calling and how we are meant
to live. Without this foundation, we may struggle to recognize our true
identity, live according to God's design, or become the people He
created us to be. For me, understanding God's design has helped me
reframe my disabilities not as limitations, but as tools for service and
innovation in the technology and accessibility fields.

# What is a Biblical Worldview?

A biblical, or Christian, worldview is a way of seeing the world that is
based on the teachings of the Bible. According to Slick (2008), these
are some of the essential elements of a biblical worldview:

- An absolute God exists, and He created the universe.

- We are created in God's image, and thus all people are worthy of
  respect and honor.

- Man was given dominion over creation by God.

- Mankind is fallen, and Jesus is our only hope for redemption.

- The Bible is the Word of God.

- God provides for His creation.

These elements form the foundation of a biblical worldview, shaping how
we understand our identity, purpose, and the world around us. They help
us see ourselves as part of God's creation, with inherent value and
dignity, and guide us in living according to His design.

# How Does A Biblical Worldview Help Us Understand God's Design?

A biblical worldview helps us understand God's design by showing us that
we each have a purpose. Our calling is not random, self-generated, or
even based on the desires of our family members---though they may wish
for us to pursue certain paths. Instead, our calling is rooted in God's
plan for us. As Smith (2024) explains, God's purposes are always in
\"deep congruity\" with how He made the world and how He made each of
us. Smith describes congruence as the alignment between who we are and
what God calls us to do. This means that understanding our calling
begins with knowing ourselves fully, as Paul encourages in Tyndale House
(1996, Romans 12:3). This aligns with Tyndale House (1996, Jeremiah
1:5), where God affirms that His design for us is intentional and
purposeful from the very beginning. Psalm 139:13--14 reinforces the idea
that our identity and calling are not accidental but intricately woven
by God.

When we view ourselves through the lens of Scripture, we understand that
our gifts, passions, interests, and even our limitations are all part of
God's design. Over time, I have come to see that my multiple
disabilities---often viewed as limitations---can actually be a source of
insight and strength in the technology field. This realization did not
come all at once, but through many small moments of frustration and
reflection. Each time I encountered an inaccessible tool or a barrier
that others didn't notice, I began to understand that my perspective was
unique and valuable. These experiences have shaped my desire to create
accessible tools that serve others, especially those with intersecting
disabilities. As Paul writes in Tyndale House (1996, p. 2 Corinthians
12:9), "My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in
weakness." This verse reminds me that God can use what the world sees as
weakness to accomplish His purposes.

Smith (2024, Chapter 3) also encourages us to consider where we \"feel
the brokenness of the world,\" as this can be a strong indicator of our
calling. For me, that brokenness is most visible in the barriers faced
by disabled people---especially those who have multiple disabilities.
While individuals with a single disability may find tools or support
systems that meet their needs, those of us with intersecting
disabilities often fall through the cracks. A tool that works well for
someone who is blind may not be usable by someone who is also autistic
or has chronic pain, and support organizations focused on one disability
often do not know how to support someone with multiple disabilities. I
experience these challenges daily---not just as inconveniences, but as
signs that the world is not yet as it should be. Whether it is a website
I cannot navigate with a screen reader or a tool that excludes users
with cognitive differences, these moments remind me that accessibility
is not a given. They also fuel my desire to be part of the solution. I
believe God is calling me to use my perspective and experiences to help
build a more inclusive world, especially through technology. This sense
of purpose is not separate from who I am---it is deeply congruent with
how God made me.

# Conclusion

A biblical worldview is essential for understanding our calling and how
we are meant to live. It provides a framework for recognizing our
identity, purpose, and the unique ways we can contribute to God's
design. As Smith (2024) emphasizes, our calling is not separate from who
we are---it is deeply congruent with how God created us. By viewing
ourselves through the lens of Scripture, we can see our gifts, passions,
and even our limitations as part of God's plan. For me, this means
embracing my lived experience with multiple disabilities as a source of
strength, insight, and purpose. Rather than seeing these challenges as
obstacles, I am learning to see them as part of the way God is equipping
me to serve others. This understanding helps me align my life with His
purposes and gives me hope that I can make a meaningful impact in the
world, especially in the area of accessibility and inclusion. By
embracing this calling, I am learning to see my challenges not as
limitations, but as opportunities to reflect God's love and justice in a
world that still has much room to grow. I hope my story encourages
others to reflect on how their own challenges might be part of God's
unique design for their lives.

:::::: {#refs .references .csl-bib-body .hanging-indent entry-spacing="0" line-spacing="2"}
::: {#ref-slickWhatAreChristian2008 .csl-entry}
Slick, M. (2008, November 25). *What are some Christian Worldview
Essentials?* Christian Apologetics & Research Ministry.
<https://carm.org/about-christianity/what-are-some-christian-worldview-essentials/>
:::

::: {#ref-Smith2024 .csl-entry}
Smith, G. T. (2024). *Courage and calling: Embracing your god-given
potential* (3rd ed.). InterVarsity Press.
:::

::: {#ref-Tyndale1996 .csl-entry}
Tyndale House. (1996). *Holy bible, new living translation*. Tyndale
House Publishers.
:::
::::::
